Minor NPC Dialogue
1.- "Hey, so... I'd like a very sour drink please, not so loaded. Let's save the drunken frenzy for later." 
1a.- "This is great! Exactly what I wanted!"
1b.- "Good, unexpected, but good."
1c.- "Ugh what? This is definitely NOT what I wanted. Just... Just take it away."
2.- "Hmm, make it sweet this time please, I'm feeling nostalgic."
2a.- "Aw man, this takes me back... I wonder where he is right now, he didn't seem to be doing that great last time I saw him..."
2b.- "Thanks, I was thinking this would be a bit sweeter but it's fine."
2c.- "And the feeling's gone, thanks a lot."
3.- "I really don't know what to order now... This feeling's been stuck with me ever since the last time I was here. Maybe something that tingles the senses, you know?"
3a.- "This! This is it! I feel like it's filled me with a sort of mysterious strength, you know? I need to face them and tell them that they're wrong and that they can still turn everything around. It's never too late!"
[He's incredibly drunk and doing fist pumps] 
3b.- "Ah, good enough, just thought that maybe I wanted something a little stronger you know?."
3c.- "You know, this is exactly what I ordered... if I'd asked for something that makes me feel like crap after a trip down memory lane. Yeah, no thanks."
Flavor text for each successful section:
1) (These can be in any order and in any section, i.e. generic flavor text)
a. "You know, this place looks a lot better on the inside than what I first thought, kinda run down, but home-y you know what I mean? I could see myself coming a few times a week."
b. "The drinks here are good, did you take a bar-tending course at some school or did you learn by example? Maybe a mentor? In any case, compliments to whoever taught you, keep it up!"
c. "I think it's about time to go home, I'll be back some other day. Gotta work tomorrow... Or do I?"
2) (The first two paragraphs must be in order)
a. "It feels like it's been a while. This drink you gave me reminds me of something I used to drink with a friend back in my hometown, you know? And that got me thinking about them... How they're doing and all that. Last I knew about them I... Well..."
b. "...Hmm? Oh, sorry, they just weren't in the greatest place in every sense of the word, I just wish there was some way I could help them out, y'know? Kinda how this drink made me remember and think about these things..."
c. "Well, keep 'em coming, I need some more booze in my system if I'm going to keep the night going!"
d. "This place is great, I'm loving it more every time I walk in."
3) (The first four paragraphs must be in order)
a. "You know, I've been thinking, I think they really just doesn't have anybody to talk to... Do you think it'd be a good idea to bring them over and talk it over a drink, maybe some dinner or something? I don't want to impose but, I just can't leave them alone!"
[Presented with a choice: yes, no, remain silent]
yes-b. "Great! I know that a good drink and good company can be the cure to those bottling feelings up for a long time, I hope you get to meet them when they come over!"
no-b. "Yeah, maybe you're right, I think I'm being a bit too pushy, maybe cracking them open isn't what I'm supposed to do right now... Thanks either way."
silence-b. "I shouldn't be asking a total stranger should I? Sorry about that, it's not your decision to make, I guess I'm just being insecure an pushing my responsibilities onto someone else. I'm the one who should make the decision."
c. "I really need to go now, but before I do, how about the first drink you gave me? Just... Turn the alcohol dial up to 11, I'm going to need the extra courage."
critical-d. "Amazing! You remembered! It's good to see that you remember lots of the faces that walk into your place, great sign that you actually care about your customers."
good-d. "This isn't exactly what I got the first time, but you know, trying new things is great too."
bad-d. "Well... What can I say, it's probably hard to remember everything that some random person ordered."
e. "Thanks for listening, and for the service, how do you even manage to keep all these guys happy? Being a bartender must be something else."
f. "I feel great now. I leave a new person tonight! Hahaha!"
g. "Told ya I'd bring my friends!"

